[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-compliance-suite.adoc

[id="compliance-suite-object_{context}"]
= ComplianceSuite object

[role="_abstract"]

> The `ComplianceSuite` object keeps track of the state of the scans. The object has the raw settings to create scans and an overall result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review a `ComplianceSuite` object to keep track of the state of the scans. The object has the raw settings to create scans and an overall result.
```

> The `ComplianceSuite` object helps you keep track of the state of the scans. It has the raw settings to create scans and the overall result.

Reviewer 2: "helps you" is anthorphomorpishm. "It" is vague. Best check other changed sections for similar items.

Reviewer 3: @aksjoshi89 If you missed this, please make sure you consider this review comment.

> The `ComplianceSuite` object helps you keep track of the state of the scans. It has the raw settings to create scans and the overall result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ComplianceSuite` object keeps track of the state of scans. The object has the raw settings to create scans and an overall result.
```

Reviewer 3: @aksjoshi89 If you missed this, please make sure you consider this review comment.

> For `Node` type scans, you should map the scan to the `MachineConfigPool`, since it has the remediation for any issues. If you specify a label, ensure it directly applies to a pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `Node` type scans, map the scan to the `MachineConfigPool`, since the scan has the remediation for any issues. If you specify a label, ensure the label directly applies to a pool.
```

Use of "it" is very widespread on this PR. Please search for other instances and replace with a direct noun.

Reviewer 3: @aksjoshi89 If you missed this, please make sure you consider this review comment.

> For `Node` type scans, map the scan to the `MachineConfigPool`, since the scan has the remediation for any issues. If you specify a label, ensure the label directly applies to a pool.

Reviewer: This isn't CQA-related, but IBM Style Guide says: [Do not use (since) as a synonym for because](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s).

```suggestion
For `Node` type scans, map the scan to the `MachineConfigPool`, because the scan has the remediation for any issues. If you specify a label, ensure the label directly applies to a pool.
```

      nodeSelector:
        node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""
status:
  Phase: DONE
  Result: NON-COMPLIANT
  scanStatuses:
  - name: workers-scan
    phase: DONE
    result: NON-COMPLIANT
----
where:

`spec.autoApplyRemediations`:: Set to `true` to enable auto remediations. Set to `false` to disable auto remediations.
`spec.schedule`:: Specifies how often the scan should be run in cron format.
`spec.scans`:: Specifies a list of scan specifications to run in the cluster.
`status.Phase`:: Specifies the progress of the scans.
`status.Result`:: Specifies the overall verdict of the suite.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
